[uss_qualifier] Directly query Service Providers in RID nominal behavior test (#44)
interuss/monitoring: monitoring/uss_qualifier/scenarios/astm/netrid/nominal_behavior.md

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0710](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires a Service Provider to implement the GET flights endpoint.  This check will also fail if uss_qualifier cannot query that endpoint (specified in the ISA present in the DSS) successfully.

#### Successful flight details query check

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0710](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires a Service Provider to implement the GET flight details endpoint.  This check will fail if uss_qualifier cannot query that endpoint (specified in the ISA present in the DSS) successfully.

#### Lingering flight check

**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0260](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires a SP to provide flights up to *NetMaxNearRealTimeDataPeriod* in the past, but an SP should preserve privacy and ensure relevancy by not sharing flights that are further in the past than this window.

#### Area too large check

> **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0430](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** require that a NetRID Display Provider reject a request for a very large view area with a diagonal greater than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*.  If such a large view is requested and a 413 error code is not received, then this check will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0430](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires that a NetRID Display Provider rejects a request for a very large view area with a diagonal greater than *NetMaxDisplayAreaDiagonal*.  If such a large view is requested and a 413 error code is not received, then this check will fail.
```

Author: Done.

The timestamps of the injected telemetry usually start in the future.  If a flight with injected telemetry only in the future is observed prior to the timestamp of the first telemetry point, this check will fail because the SP does not satisfy **[interuss.automated_testing.rid.injection.ExpectedBehavior](../../../requirements/interuss/automated_testing/rid/injection.md)**.

#### Missing flight check

> **[astm.f3411.v19.NET0610](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** require that SPs make all UAS operations discoverable over the duration of the flight plus *NetMaxNearRealTimeDataPeriod*, so each injected flight should be observable during this time.  If one of the flights is not observed during its appropriate time period, this check will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[astm.f3411.v19.NET0610](../../../requirements/astm/f3411/v19.md)** requires that SPs make all UAS operations discoverable over the duration of the flight plus *NetMaxNearRealTimeDataPeriod*, so each injected flight should be observable during this time.  If one of the flights is not observed during its appropriate time period, this check will fail.
```

Author: Done.
